[ReadMe] updated readMe file for Contact-CurrensySumbol modules (#31638)
magento/magento2: app/code/Magento/CurrencySymbol/README.md

# Magento_CurrencySymbol module

> This module enables the creation of custom currencies and management of currency conversion rates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module enables creating custom currencies and managing currency conversion rates.
```

## Installation

> Before installing this module, note that the Magento_CurrencySymbol is dependent on the Magento_Widget module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before installing this module, note that the Magento_CurrencySymbol is dependent on the Magento_Widget module.
```
